hello to all welcome to caradisiac
we are here together in the heart of
city ​​of düsseldorf in germany for the
presentation of the restyled Yaris is
the best-selling vehicle in the range
toyota
it is also the sixth on the market
French we will see together
change
m
externally the modifications
aesthetic focuses basically
on the front side everything decided to
give a little more personality
to his city
so we find what will be the new
stylistic signature of the mark to
know this x that we find here who
bar the grille we provide the yaris
now a big black lacquered grille
who sees themselves some will say that it is a
little bit too much but in any case we
distinguishes her in the traffic
then I do not know if you
remember but on the versions before
restyling we could distinguish quite
easily hybrid versions of
classic versions because she had
a very different front
today this is no longer the case all
the versions are similar the version
only hybrid will distinguish itself with
his logos that are on a blue background to
front and back and with
small mentions so on the flanks and
on the hybrid rear trunk for
can distinguish it from the rest of the
range
inside once will not hurt
during a Toyota restyling decided to
slightly redesign his dashboard
Thursday slightly because only the top of
the cap here and especially the
aerators have been redesigned for the
remains we find the dashboard of
the version before restyling
we find a quality of manufacture
which is relatively correct of
correct assemblies also without more
in any case the environment is nice
to watch and use
we obviously find the Toyota system
touch 2 this time for second
generation it is this multimedia system
which has been slightly improved since
in addition to being able to have navigation
when we have the touch and go system and
to have management of everything that is
multimedia we can now find
also some small applications
like that is a little bit at home
Coyotes style competition search
google street view parking
the yaris post it takes the four
engines from the old between
so the 1 liter 69 euros the handicap of the
quests of the 90 horses and their 3 vti 100
horses but the version that sells the
more in France is the hybrid version
it's the one we have today at
test well it is an authorization
which is extremely nice in town or
its operation is perfectly
seamless users one goes from one
fashion to another seems almost without
report in any case 100%
electric month to combine your
thermal with a consumption that
remains contained around 6 liters
then on the road it's an engine that does not
lack of going to the level of
performance no worries the occasions
are the only small or big cannon
grievances that can be blamed on him and this
even if the soundproofing has been optimized
is that when we accelerate and well
engine takes its turns and it's a small
little tiring for the ears otherwise
for the rest we are rather satisfied with
consumption on the road we go down 4
liters and a half you go up to 6
liter and a half what really seems
to be the maximum limit no matter the
how to roll which is the
really represents good value
for this type of vehicle that does when
even 100 horses at the chassis of the
road behavior of the state a
also decided to improve somewhat
his city-dweller at the management level
is the most frank most informative
and it's true that it's felt on the
road
suddenly the road holding a little bit
more lively and at the level of suspensions
they have been calibrated to
still contain a little better roll
which is a good thing
also globally we end up with
a car that has benefits
even more homogeneous and well
it goes to us heart we do not spit
it's a good thing
Toyota Yaris is like good wine
it improves with time
her look is getting sharper
more and more young these equipment of
more and more provided his behavior
more and more homogeneous
to simply say it improves at
price level the range starts to
13500 euros it rises to twenty thousand
six hundred euros
it's on average 200 euros
additional versions
classic and the hybrid version that
we have with us today
does not even increase its rates
last information this news
Toyota Yaris you can control it
in concession from September 15
next